Typos and wording (#2886)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/monitoring/anomaly-detection.md

### Step 4: Activate the notification process

> Notifications on Anomaly Detection services work in the same way as [notifications for regular services](../alerts-notifications/notif-configuration.md). The notification options in the **Anomaly Detection** form are not functional.

Author: ```suggestion
Notifications on Anomaly Detection services are configured in the same way as [notifications for regular services](../alerts-notifications/notif-configuration.md). The notification options in the **Anomaly Detection** form are not functional.
```

> Notifications on Anomaly Detection services are configured in the same way as [notifications for regular services](../alerts-notifications/notif-configuration.md). The notification options in the **Anomaly Detection** form are not functional.

Author: ```suggestion
Notifications on Anomaly Detection services are configured in the same way as [notifications for regular services](../alerts-notifications/notif-configuration.md). The notification options in the **Anomaly Detection** form are currently inactive.
```
